Refactor modules (#2217)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/EDBAPI/SiWave.rst

Siwave manager
==============

> `Siwave <https://www.ansys.com/it-it/products/electronics/ansys-siwave>`_ is a specialized tool for power integrity,
> signal integrity and EMI analysis of IC packages and PCB.
> Solves power delivery systems and high-speed channels in electronic devices.
> It can be accessed from pyaedt in Windows only.
> All Setups can be implemented through EDB API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Siwave <https://www.ansys.com/it-it/products/electronics/ansys-siwave>`_ is a specialized tool for power integrity,
signal integrity, and EMI analysis of IC packages and PCBs. This tool solves power delivery systems and high-speed channels in electronic devices. It can be accessed from PyAEDT in Windows only. All setups can be implemented through EDB API.
```

.. image:: ../Resources/siwave.png
  :width: 800
  :alt: Siwave
  :target: https://www.ansys.com/it-it/products/electronics/ansys-siwave

.. currentmodule:: pyaedt

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: _autosummary

   siwave.Siwave

.. code:: python

    from pyaedt.siwave import Siwave

>     # this call returns the Edb Class initialized on 2022 R2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # this call returns the Edb class initialized on 2022 R2
```
